
Binary Search: Searching an element using binary search method. 

Count Zeros: Count the number of zeros in an array. 

Floor of a number: largest element in an array smaller than or equal to x. 

Index of extra element: Finding the index of the missing element which is present in the main array. 

Kth smallest element: finding the Kth smallest element in a given array. 

Majority element: Element appearing max number of times. 

Missing Number: Guess the missing number in an array. 

Peak element: Element with highest value. 

Search element: Searching a given element in an array 

Search element in sorted array: Searching for a given element in a sorted array. 

Second highest element: Returning the second highest element in a given array. 

Square root of a given number: Finding the square-root of a given number. 

Sub-array sum: Finding a subarray whose sum is equal to a given value. 

Sub-b array: Check if a given array is a subset of the main array. 

Transition: Index at which change of values happens in an array.  

Triplets sum zero: Find the triplets whose sum is equal to zero 

Value equal to index: Find the element whose value is equal to its index. 

Alternate elements: Return only the alternate elements in an array. 

Intersection of arrays: Return the common elements between two arrays. 

Array leader: Return the highest element of a given array. 

Array rotate: Rotate an array with a specified number of elements. 

Array wave: Return a sorted array in the form of a wave i.e., one small element and the next is greater. 

Count pairs: Return pairs with the given sum. 

Equilibrium point: The index where the left and right-side elements add up to the same sum. 

Kadane's Algorithm: Using Kadanes's algorithm to find the maximum sum of elements of a sub array. 

Min and Max: Finding the smallest and largest element in a given array 

Minimum distance: The distance between two given elements in an unsorted array. 

Palindrome element: Find if a given element in an array is palindrome or not 

Search element: Return the index of a given element. 

Union of two arrays: Return the non-repetitive elements of two arrays. 

Check sorted: Check if a given array is sorted or not. 

Max occurring element: Return the element that is occurring the maximum number of times. 

Median of two arrays: Merge and sort two arrays and return the middle element. 

Move zeros to end: Return an array with all the zeros moved to the right side. 

Negative values to left: Return an array with all the negative values moved to the left. 

Number divisible by 3: Return the element which is divisible by 3 in a given array. 

Pythagorean Triplet: Return 1 if the given triplet forms a Pythagorean triplet. 

Smallest subarray with sum: Return the smallest subarray with the given sum. 

Anagram: Check if both the strings have the same elements. 

First non-repeating character: Return the first non-repeating character of a given string. 

IP address validation: Check if the given IP address is valid or not. 

Longest palindrome substring: Print the longest palindromic substring in a given string. 

Multiply two strings: Multiplying two given strings. 

Permutation of string: Returning the value of permutation of a string. 

Reverse without reversing each word: Reverse just the words of a sentence. 

Roman to integer: Convert Roman numbers to integers. 

Rotate a string: Rotating a string by the given number of characters. 

Check if string present in a string: Return true if the given string contains a set of characters. 

Count duplicates: Count the number of duplicate characters in a string. 

First letter: Return the first letter of each word. 

Isogram: Return true if the string has no repeating characters. 

Max occurring: Return the character occurring maximum number of times in a string. 

Remove duplicates: Remove the duplicate values in a string. 

Run length decode: Print the Character the number of times the integer before it. 

Run length encode: Print the number of times a character if found as integer before the character. 

Sum of string: Print the sum of all characters of a string. 

Extract numbers: Return the integers present in a string 

First repeating character: Return the first duplicate character in a string. 

Product even odd: Print if the product of two numbers is even or odd. 

Remove special characters: Remove any special character in a string and print the remaining. 

Reverse each word: Reverse each letter of all the words in a sentence 

Sort string: Sort a string in alphabetical order. 

Sort without function: Sort a string without using inbuilt function. 

Subsequence: Return true if a string is a subsequence of another string. 

Sum of two strings: Return the arithmetic sum of two strings. 

Count alphabet: Return the number of alphabets in a given string. 

Count last word: Return the count of characters in the last word of a string. 

Longest word in dictionary: Return the longest word in a given dictionary. 

Nearest multiple of 10: Return the nearest multiple of 10 of a given number. 

Next even number: Return the next even number of a given number. 

Pangram: Return true if the sentence contains all the 26 alphabets. 

Remove vowels: Remove all the vowels from a given string. 

Word with max frequency: Return the word occurring maximum number of times. 

Three consecutive strings:  Remove a character if it is repeated 3 times consecutively. 

Bubble sort: Sorting an array using bubble sort technique. 

Combine the strings: Concatenate two strings 

Merging unsorted: Merging two unsorted strings after sorting them. 

Number of characters in a word: Return the number of characters in a string. 

Number with d digit: In a list of numbers from 0 to n print the numbers with 'd' digit in it. 

Sort 0,1,2: Sort the digits in ascending order 

Even greater than odd: Return the largest numbers in even index and smallest numbers in odd index 

Kth smallest element: Return the Kth smallest element in a given array. 

nCr: Combination of given n and r. 

Nth Fibonacci: Return the Nth digit of a Fibonacci series. 

Nth term of GP: Return the Nth term of a geometric progression. 

Power of numbers: Return the power of reverse of a number raised to the number. 

Replace 0 with 5: Return string with 0 replaced with 5. 

Sort all except one: Return sorted list except the given index value. 

Sort half sorted: Return a sorted array which is half sorted. 

Sum of series: Return the sum of a series of numbers. 

Binary addition: Return the binary sum of given binary numbers. 

Closest number: Return the closest number divisible by a given number. 

LCM and GCD: Return the LCM and GCD of given numbers. 

Multiplication table: Print the table of a given number. 

Nth root of M: Return the Nth root of a given number. 

Nth term of AP: Return the Nth term of given arithmetic progression. 

Odd even: Print if the given number is odd or even. 

Right most nonzero element: Print the rightmost nonzero number in the product of given numbers. 

Sum of digit palindrome: Check if sum of all digits an array forms a palindrome. 

Swap 2 numbers: Swap the values of two variables without using the 3rd variable. 

Alternate elements: Return only the alternate elements in an array. 

Intersection of arrays: Return the common elements between two arrays. 

Array leader: Return the highest element of a given array. 

Array rotate: Rotate an array with a specified number of elements. 

Array wave: Return a sorted array in the form of a wave i.e., one small element and the next is greater. 

Count pairs: Return pairs with the given sum. 

Equilibrium point: The index where the left and right-side elements add up to the same sum. 

Queue (enqueue, dequeue, peek, isEmpty, clear, count, copy) operations. 

Linked list (insert, delete, recursive display, reverse using iteration, delete duplicates) 

Circular linked list (insert, delete) operations. 

Doubly linked list (insert, delete) operations. 
